{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Trance Demo Story Outline\

\b0 \
SCENE 1\
Our hero(ine) is part of a community of farmers who inhabit a series of floating islands in the sky. The world beneath them is wreathed in thick clouds; no one knows or remembers what lies below.\
	\'97Establishment of WORLD/SETTING\
	\'97First look at MAIN PROTAGONIST (do we decide their gender or leave it up to the reader?)\
	\'97MYSTERY/PLOT: What lies below the clouds? What circumstances led to these people 	living in the sky?\
\
SCENE 2\
Our hero works hard on the family farm. His father is bedridden and his mother vanished below the clouds as part of an ill-fated expedition. He is assisted by his companion, a large flying squirrel.\
	\'97SETTING: Family farm\
	\'97ITEM: Farming tool or equipment (what do they farm? Normal crops or fantastical stuff?)\
	\'97SIDEKICK: Giant flying squirrel (does it talk or is it merely an intelligent animal?)\
	\'97WORLDBUILDING: These sky islands are home to giant flying squirrels\
	\'97FORESHADOWING: The vanished mother may appear later on\
	\'97HERO\'92S MOTIVATION: Protecting and caring for his father\
	\'97The idea of playing with a cliche or archetype: Normally it\'92s the dad who explores and the 	mom who stays at home\
\
SCENE 3\
A huge metal airship emerges from the clouds and assaults the islands. Its pilots (if it even has any) are unseen. It begins to harvest some element or mineral from the islands, causing them to plummet from the sky one by one.\
	\'97INCITING INCIDENT and ACTION\
	\'97First look at possible VILLAIN/ANTAGONIST\
	\'97MYSTERY/PLOT: Who pilots the airship, or is it autonomous? Where did it come from? Why 	is it sucking the juice out of the sky islands? Why now? (Normally I\'92d have an explanation, but 	in this case, we want the kid to come up with their own)\
\
SCENE 4\
The sky islanders flee to a distant island that is well fortified (an ancient castle or military base, perhaps) and is inhabited only by a strange old sage who, it is said, possesses ancient knowledge.\
	\'97SETTING: Fortress\
	\'97ARCHETYPE: Wise old sage/mentor figure. (Play with this cliche, or leave it? Some cliches 	exist for a reason)\
	\'97WORLDBUILDING: The sage\'92s fortress is a relic from a forgotten age\
	\'97TENSION: The deadly airship will surely find its way here eventually\
\
SCENE 5\
Our hero is bold enough to ask the sage for answers. The sage offers information about the past and produces a \'93wingsuit\'94 that will allow a person to fly on their own. Someone must descend below the clouds in search of answers and/or to beg for peace from whoever\'92s down there. Our hero volunteers.\
	\'97ITEM: Wingsuit\
	\'97ITEM: A possible signature weapon for the hero? Bilbo has Sting, Harry Potter has his 	wand, Katniss has her bow, etc.\
	\'97WORLDBUILDING: The sage reveals things about this world and its history\
	\'97POSSIBLE PLOT TWIST: Maybe these peaceful farmers were once warlike? Maybe they 	used to be the bad guys?\
	\'97CALL TO ADVENTURE: Our hero now has a quest and an objective\
\
SCENE 6\
Knowing time may be scarce, our hero bids his father and friends farewell. He and his flying squirrel buddy then take the plunge into the unknown. And this is where our young reader can pick up the story if they choose!\
	\'97ITEMS: Breathing masks for hero and squirrel (the cloud cover may be toxic)\
	\'97CLIFFHANGER: What will befall them below the clouds??\
	\'97POSSIBLE SUBPLOT: Depending on the complexity of this tale, we could return to the sky 	islanders later as they prepare for a siege from the deadly airship\
	}